
Introduce 

Hi

My full name is Le Thi Nhat An, it is shown fully on facebook profile
I am 24 years old and I work as a software engineer in Ho Chi Minh city
I like reading books about healthcare and spirituality story.
My most favorite book is "Journey to the East", kind of spirituality
This book is a story finding the reason why we live on the Earth, what is ghost, 
what will we become after the death, somethings like that.
It inspire me to improve myself and try to make everything to be better.
I will take a break from my work at the end of this year.
And I intend to do some meaningful works at that time to live slower
and lookback to my life :D

As far I know, AIESEC is a nonprofit organization 
to develop leadership for young people. They provide young people a chance
to create positive impact in other contries

I suddenly saw the information about AIESEC on facebook last week.
And I also had the idea to find an activity to do at that time, so I decided to investigate this opportunity

why did you choose our country?
- Coz your country has many kind of projects.
And there are many plus points for your country such as using English,
there are many beautiful place, it is near Singapore and Thailand, Hinduism and there are many amway shop.
I had a chance to work for amway as a part-time job and I also wonder how popular amway is in your country too :v

What do you know about our country?
Using English
There are many beautiful place
It is near Singapore and Thailand
Hinduism
There are many amway shops.
And I looking forward to discovering more about your country.
I am also excited to know about Hinduism
I only know Buddhism and Buddhism

What of our country’s culture do you like most?
I dont know much about your country.
About your country, there are 3 things in my mind that I want to explore
1. Hinduism
2. Amway shops
3. The nature places.
Do you want to share somethings or 
approve for me and we will share details later? :v

Why did you choose our project?
I only want to join project about nature protection or taking care people
The nature protection is hard to find at the end of this year.
So I took a look at your project and found that your project purpose is nice 
I thought that I can learn how to take care elderly people and understand their feeling
to prepare to take care my future and also my parent future.
Beside that, elderly people may have some great story to tell us coz
they spent a long life.
It will be great if I join this project. 
Furthermore, it not only match my purpose, but also my fee and my time.


What do you know about our project?
As far I know, this project target is help elderly people not feeling isolation
and enhance the facility of nursing home.
We will spread out the isolation issue about elderly people to public to
get more support and help people acknowledge it.
We also find more solution for this issue and 
create some activites for elderly people and their children to take off the isolation



Which of the project are you interested in most?            
Make tranditional food, I can learn new tranditional recipe from Malaysian

What do you expect from this project? 
Improve English skill
Learn how to take care elderly people
Understand the isolation of elderly people
Explore malaysia culture
Have new friends from the world


Do you have any difficulties when take part in projects?
This is the first time I apply to go to other countries.
I dont know clearly what I will face
But I have an allergic reaction with some seafood and red meat.
I think it may be uncomfortable for everyone if I dont want to eat these kind of food.
Especially if they are available in tranditional food.
There is only 1 thing. I think.

Have you had any experience in this field 
(teaching, photography, writing, etc.)?
I have join to a resemble activity when I was at the university.
I come to the nursing home and clean this place.
Talked with elderly people and give them some cake.
But the activity was hold in a short time. Only in the afternoon.
So we did not done many works.

Have you join any voluntary activities before? 
Can you tell us more detail about this?
What did you learn from that experience?

I have joined a program about raising awareness for poor children.
This program aims to go to the poor school in small villages
to create somethings like a knowledge fair, enhance school facility, 
and take care around environment.
We often have 3 days for these activities.
And we will prepare for these activities around 1-2 months at the university.
Then we will ride bikes around 30-50 km to come to target place.

The first day will be upgraded facility and decorate for job fair.
The second day will be knowledge fair.
The last day will clean our battlefield to finish the program.

The fair will have many booths, which contains knowledge in many fields
like cooking, take care the health, protect the environment, 
encourage children dare to dream, teaching computer skill, somethings like that.

I learn how to teamwork for one target.
after the program there is no perfection, every mistake is a lesson. 
If I afraid the mistake, I may make bigger mistakes :v 
My brain cannot generate memory any more :v 


What will you do if there are struggles between you 
and your teammates/among your teammates?
I'll keep silence until I am calm down.
Then I will ask teammate a chance to explain or say sorry.
If teammate does not have any idea to reconcile.
I will keep silence to enjoy my works and try not to affect her or him.

20. Which problem that you pay attention to most in your country? Why?
21. Have you join any activity to solve the problem?
